"Trust me, I'm tough enough." - Vault Dweller
"Who's going to do that? You? You couldn't get off your fat butt to get a sandwich, much less kill me." - Vault Dweller
"What world do you live in? Out here in the real would, blood flows, man. Blood flows, and it's gonna spill all over this room if you don't get out of here." - Crazed Raider
"Proud? Why? You're all just a bunch of robotic hop-heads, hiding from the real world. There's nothing to be proud of there." - Vault Dweller
"Jacob heard the call and embraced it. So did the Vault Dweller. But no matter how many rise above, the masses will always destroy them, right?" - Marcus
"Ha! You'd have better luck convincing a radscorpion to part with its tail than to get Vault City to part with anything." - Myron
"Moo, I say." - Brahmin
"It’s said war—war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road—has reached its end." - Ulysses
"Grampy-bone be doing da killin' right now." - Sulik
"Well, check out this bouquet of assholes." - Mason
"Wake up, pal, you’re still dreaming." - Vault Dweller
"To the world that was. Mankind shall never see it like again." - Richard Bradford
"If you believe in something enough, you must be willing to let it burn, lest it claim you." - Ulysses
"Truth is, the game was rigged from the start." - Benny
"A lifelong learner is you, hey? Then, make your questions count because your lifelong is running lifeshort." - Benny
"As an anthropologist and linguist, my assignment was to learn the dialects of the Grand Canyon tribes. What a fucking waste of time!" - Edward Sallow
"I don’t trust a man that doesn’t have something strange going on about him, ’cause that means he’s hiding it from you. If a man’s wearing his pants on his head or if he says his words backwards from time to time, you know it’s all laid out there for you. But if he’s friendly to strangers, and keeps his home spick-and-span, more often than not, he’s done something even his own ma couldn’t forgive." - No-bark Noonan
"By the time I was 30 years old, I was a billionaire 30 times over. I founded and ran a vast economic empire. Do you really think I’m going to let an upstart come into my home and ransom my property to me?" - Robert House
"By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down, yea, we wept, when we remembered Zion. Remember, O Lord, the Children of Edom in the day of Jerusalem who said, ‘Raze it, raze it, even to the Foundation.’ O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed. Happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us. Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones, against the stones. Do you know what it means?" - Joshua Graham
"Angle? I’m head-on, baby, flat-out, all stops pulled, full steam ahead. Side bets are for losers. I’m playing to win." - Benny
"It’s a game, and games have winners and losers. I prefer the former, how about you?" - Benny
"It’s obvious that kindness and good temper aren’t part of this religion." - Vault Dweller
"I will conquer it and turn all those pure strain humans into mutants. They will give me the army I need to bring peace to the entire wasteland." - The Master
"What in the goddamn?" - Benny
"They call it wasteland. Waste of land. Waste of life. Waste of time. But the people who see it that way... they've just given up. Me, I call it home. Nobody messes with my home." - Cyrus
"I have fought the mutants all my life, but you may be too young to recall their savagery... They threaten all life because they wish to become the dominant species on earth, crushing the world in their grasp." - Rhombus
"What's that you've got there, kid? Is that a... a vault 13 flask? Heh. Call me a sentimental old fool, but I'll give you a few caps for it." - Wasteland Stranger
"Yes, we are many. A mutant army. The destruction of our Master has only strengthened our resolve. We will control this vault - and its scientific secrets - then use it as a base of operations for our war on humanity." - Attis
"Fertility. That's what we came for. The research in this vault was centered around curing sterility due to mutation. Imagine, then, a treatment that allowed mutants to reproduce, to breed. That would truly be a weapon!" - Attis
"You do not comprehend that we are the same? The Brotherhood of Steel and The Church of the Lost, guarding against the terrors of science." - Blake
"Our old security officer... Blake. He claimed that our research was 'evil' and convinced all the guards to fight us. Then there was an explosion - the scientists got stuck here, and the guards had to return to the surface." - Patty
"Woof!" - Dogmeat
"The only way for true humans, and democracy, to be safe is to cleanse the mutants from the globe. We humans will take back that which is rightfully ours." - President Dick Richardson
"You've gotten a lot farther than you should have, but then you haven't met Frank Horrigan either. Your ride's over, mutie. Time to die." - Frank Horrigan
"Dharma said, 'Caution is life in troubled times.' Your origin is not the issue. Your intent is." - Aradesh
"We are a very protective community. As Dharma said, 'Many sticks can be broken. A bundle cannot." - Aradesh
"Make the first shot count. You won't get a second." - Joshua Graham
"If there's anything I learned as a Follower of the Apocalypse, it's that there's a lot of good information in old books." - Edward Sallow
